Sing
to Jehovah.
His great name
is highly exalted.
His proud
Egyptian foes,
He has cast
into the sea.
Praise
Jah Almighty;
Besides him
there can be no other.
Jehovah
is his name;
He has gained
the victory.
Jehovah God,
Most High over all,
The one
from time indefinite the same,
You soon will cause
your enemies to fall
And sanctify
your holy name.
See now
all nations
Opposing
the Sov’reign, Jehovah.
Though mightier
than Pharaoh,
They too
will suffer shame.
Doom now
awaits them;
They will not
survive Armageddon.
Soon ev’ryone
will know
That Jehovah
is God’s name.
Jehovah God,
Most High over all,
The one
from time indefinite the same,
You soon will cause
your enemies to fall
And sanctify
your holy name.